Add a guide to help users pick the right Databricks workflow (#2680)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/deployment/databricks/choosing_databricks_workflow.md

# Choosing the Right Kedro Workflow for Databricks

> Databricks offers integration with Kedro through three principal workflows: The Databricks Deployment Workflow, the Databricks Development Workflow, and the Workflow for Developing Kedro projects on Databricks using notebooks. To enhance your development experience, it is crucial to choose the workflow that best fits your project's needs. Let's break down the advantages and use-cases of each workflow to help you make an informed decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databricks offers integration with Kedro through three principal workflows:

- Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project.
- Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project.
- Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project.

To enhance your development experience, it is crucial to choose the workflow that best fits your project's needs. Let's break down the advantages and use-cases of each workflow to help you make an informed decision.
```

It would be nice to break these into an ordered list to make them clearer. I also prefer this order for the workflows, this is the order of easiest / most common to hardest / least common. @SajidAlamQB would you mind moving the individual sections into this order on the page also?

@stichbury I was thinking of making the items in the ordered list clickable links to the relevant sections, but this page is so short maybe its not important. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think you're right @jmholzer in that the page is really short. In fact, I've removed the links too as I think they're already used in the copy below to direct the reader to the most appropriate page, so they are repetitive at this point on the page. See what you think.

> ## Databricks Deployment Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project](./databricks_deployment_workflow.md)
```

> The Deployment Workflow is the go-to choice when dealing with complex project requirements that call for a high degree of structure and reproducibility. It's your best bet for a production setup given its support for CI/CD, automated/scheduled runs and other advanced use-cases. That being said, it might not be the ideal choice for projects requiring quick iterations due to its relatively rigid nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow is the go-to choice when dealing with complex project requirements that call for a high degree of structure and reproducibility. It's your best bet for a production setup given its support for CI/CD, automated/scheduled runs and other advanced use-cases. That being said, it might not be the ideal choice for projects requiring quick iterations due to its relatively rigid nature.
```

> ## Databricks Development Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project](./databricks_ide_development_workflow.md)
```

> If you're in the early stages of learning Kedro, or your project requires constant testing and adjustments, the Development Workflow is the way to go. This workflow allows you to make the most of your local IDE's capabilities for faster, error-free development. It is perfect for development stages and can handle production deployment, but you might need to transition to the Deployment Workflow to fully optimize your project for production.

Reviewer 3: Nit: UK spelling 🇬🇧 

```suggestion
If you're in the early stages of learning Kedro, or your project requires constant testing and adjustments, the Development Workflow is the way to go. This workflow allows you to make the most of your local IDE's capabilities for faster, error-free development. It is perfect for development stages and can handle production deployment, but you might need to transition to the Deployment Workflow to fully optimise your project for production.
```

> If you're in the early stages of learning Kedro, or your project requires constant testing and adjustments, the Development Workflow is the way to go. This workflow allows you to make the most of your local IDE's capabilities for faster, error-free development. It is perfect for development stages and can handle production deployment, but you might need to transition to the Deployment Workflow to fully optimise your project for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're in the early stages of learning Kedro, or your project requires constant testing and adjustments, this workflow is the way to go. This workflow allows you to make the most of your local IDE's capabilities for faster, error-free development. It is perfect for development stages and can handle production deployment, but you might need to transition to the Deployment Workflow to fully optimise your project for production.
```

> ## Developing Kedro projects on Databricks using notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project](./databricks_notebooks_development_workflow.md)
```

> This workflow is crafted for those who enjoy developing and testing their projects directly within notebooks. If you wish to avoid the overhead of setting up and syncing a local environment with Databricks, then this is your workflow. The flexibility for quick iterations is there, however, transitioning to the Deployment Workflow might be necessary when preparing your project for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow is crafted for those who enjoy developing and testing their projects directly within notebooks. If you wish to avoid the overhead of setting up and syncing a local environment with Databricks, then this is your workflow. The flexibility for quick iterations is there, though transitioning to a [job-based deployment](#use-a-databricks-job-to-deploy-a-kedro-project) might be necessary when preparing your project for production.
```

## Decision-Making Flowchart

Here's a flowchart to guide you in choosing the right workflow:

```mermaid
graph TD
  A[Start] --> B{Do you prefer developing your projects in notebooks?}

>   B -->|Yes| C[Use Developing Kedro projects on Databricks using notebooks]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  B -->|Yes| C[Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project]
```

  B -->|No| D{Are you a beginner with Kedro?}

>   D -->|Yes| E[Use Databricks Development Workflow]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  D -->|Yes| E[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
```

>   D -->|No| F{Do you have advanced project requirements?}

Reviewer 3: Could you give examples of "advanced requirements"?

Author: Things like scheduling, CI/CD, interacting with DBs or external APIs or being production ready are examples of advanced requirements.

Reviewer 3: I think it would be good to mention that either in the diagram itself or as a footnote.

  F -->|Yes| G{Is rapid development needed for your project needs?}

>   F -->|No| H[Use Databricks Deployment Workflow]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  F -->|No| H[Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project]
```

>   G -->|Yes| I[Use Databricks Development Workflow]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  G -->|Yes| I[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
```

>   G -->|No| J[Use Databricks Deployment Workflow]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  G -->|No| J[Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project]
```

To enhance your development experience, it is crucial to choose the workflow that best fits your project's needs. Let's break down the advantages and use-cases of each workflow to help you make an informed decision.

.. _databricks-notebook-workflow:

## [Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project](./databricks_notebooks_development_workflow.md)

This workflow is crafted for those who enjoy developing and testing their projects directly within notebooks. If you wish to avoid the overhead of setting up and syncing a local environment with Databricks, then this is your workflow. The flexibility for quick iterations is there, though transitioning to a :ref:`job-based deployment<databricks-deployment-workflow>` might be necessary when preparing your project for production.

> .. _databricks-ide-workflow:

Author: That makes sense, thank you!
